EECS 348 Project Meeting Log - Group 3, Fall 2024

Group members: Peter Barybin, Addison Bartelli, Hart Nurnberg, Emily Farley, Arpa Das


Team Meeting 9/20
WHEN: 5pm @ M2SEC
PURPOSE: All team members added member profiles, Arpa added team roles, Peter added communication plan, team created weekly meeting details/log section. 
ATTENDANCE: (All members) Peter, Addison, Hart, Emily, Arpa

Team Meeting 9/25
WHEN: 5pm @ M2SEC
PURPOSE: All team members discussed the Project Plan and were assigned sections.
    Peter - 2.2 and risk management (4.7 and part of 4.3)
    Addison - 3.1-3.3 and 4.2
    Hart - 2.3-2.4 and quality control (4.5 and part of 4.3)
    Emily - 1.3-1.5 and requirements management (part of 4.3)
    Arpa - 1.1-1.2, 2.1, and configuration management (4.8 and part of 4.3)
ATTENDANCE: (All members) Peter, Addison, Hart, Emily, Arpa

Team Meeting 9/29
WHEN: Asynchronous via Discord
PURPOSE: Completed Project Plan document. 
ATTENDANCE: (All members) Peter, Addison, Hart, Emily, Arpa

Team Meeting 10/08
WHEN: 5pm @ M2SEC
PURPOSE: Discussed Software Requirements Specifications document and assigned sections to team members.
    Peter - 3.1, 3.2, cleanup
    Addison - 2.1.6, 2.5, 4
    Hart - 2.1.2, 2.1.4, 3.3
    Emily - 2.2-2.4
    Arpa - 1.1-1.5, 5
ATTENDANCE: (All members) Peter, Addison, Hart, Emily, Arpa

Team Meeting 10/20
WHEN: Asynchronous via Discord
PURPOSE: Completed Software Requirements Specifications document and worked through issue with word document formatting. 
ATTENDANCE: (All members) Peter, Addison, Hart, Emily, Arpa

Team Meeting 11/06
WHEN: 7pm @ LEEP
PURPOSE: Discussed Software Architecture Design doc and selected software architecture to be used for the project. More project brainstorming for implementation was conducted and sections of the Software Architecture Design document were assigned and analyzed.
    Peter - 2, 3, cleanup
    Addison - 6, 8
    Hart - 2, 3
    Emily - 5
    Arpa - 1.1-1.5, 9
ATTENDANCE: (All members) Peter, Addison, Hart, Emily, Arpa

Team Meeting 11/10
WHEN: Asynchronous via Discord
PURPOSE: Finished Software Architecture Design document and worked through questions on design and sections of the document.
ATTENDANCE: (All members) Peter, Addison, Hart, Emily, Arpa

Team Meeting 11/20
WHEN: LEEP @ 7
PURPOSE: Brainstormed implementation strategy. Decided on using main subroutine function architecture with lexer, parser, and evaluator functions that feed into each other and are called in main. Split up sections of the functions to write. 
	Hart - Lexer
	Addison - Parser
	Peter, Emily, Arpa - Evaluator and I/O
ATTENDANCE: (All members) Peter, Addison, Hart, Emily, Arpa

Team Meeting 12/06
WHEN: 2pm @ LEEP
PURPOSE: Met and discussed how to change approach on lexer, parser, and evaluator functions. Parser and evaluator will be combined into one function with helper functions to assist it. Lexer will be further edited to handle more errors and feed into the parser/evaluator.
ATTENDANCE: Peter, Addison, Hart

Team Meeting 12/11
WHEN: 7pm @ LEEP
PURPOSE: Linked together lexer and parseANDeval functions to create the full calculator. Began working on bug fixes and started on the test case document and users manual. Split the sections accordingly.
ATTENDANCE: (All members) Peter, Addison, Hart, Emily, Arpa

Team Meeting 12/12
WHEN: 11am @ M2SEC, later asynchronous on discord
PURPOSE: Fixed bigs in implementation, finalized test cases, completed users manual.
ATTENDANCE: (All members) Peter, Addison, Hart, Emily, Arpa